---
layout: post
title: Jackson Earle, Reflection Week Five
date: 2018-10-25
---

On Monday what we learned is one, that the topic of what this week's main topic is making connections between things we have learned in this class and two, we started an introduction to data science. With the introduction we were learning how to make a table and some broader questions that can be measured by data science. On Tuesday we started table literals and lookups, so we learned how to add new rows  and better our tables we knew how to do and also we learned more about data science. On Wednsday we learned table methods and visualizations, with this cam bar and pie charts and their respective functions which suprisingly takes in the same things a table, lable column a string, and data column also a string. Today (Thursday) we started on how to import data, I recognized as some of the most important things we learned is the difference between a literal table, a table written on pyret and a imported table, a table written somewhere else. I think we are leaning to learning more about more types of data and what we can do with it, also more parts of technichal sides of pyret and languages we might use. One thing that stood out to me as a connection this week was on Wednsday I noticed that we can use what we learned by making shapes for the samples in the tables, a defined shape function something we learned towards the start of the year. Also the lable data, it names the types of shapes we were writing about. Another connection i thought was cool was importing data from other places to pyret, I wondered what other types of data could be imported, is there a limit?
